Tyler Hackel

  852 N 15th St. Apt. 5 Milwaukee, WI 53233 | 715-297-5110 | Tyler.Hackel@Marquette.edu

February 28, 2017

Quad Graphics
  N61 W23044 Harry's Way
  Sussex, WI 53089

Dear Management:

Quad Graphics, searching for an intern pursuing a computer science degree with experience?  Well, my military experience, education, and determination have prepared me to contribute to these growing operations. 

As the attached resume indicates, I have worked full-time as an avionics technician for the past four years.  My daily duties included maintaining vital electronic components onboard the F-18 and E6B Mercury, Legacy class. My initial responsibilities consisted of uploading navigational software, troubleshooting hardware and software issues, and maintaining aircraft qualifications. As I grew professionally, I obtained a valuable security clearance, allowing me to facilitate pre-flight inspections and ensure the safety of these high dollar assets.   I am excited about the possibility of gaining more useful skills as an intern with Quad Graphics.  

Complementing my work experience are my University studies.  The curriculum has prepared me with foundational tools for efficient problem solving.  We have applied different computer science principles to our projects while understanding the importance of encapsulation, portable code, and detailed documentation.  I have completed all required calculus courses and I’m currently continuing my studies at Marquette University.  These courses are valuable because it teaches how to analyze problems and think critically when faced with a variety of issues.

In addition, my military experience has grounded me with determination.  This quality will prove useful for your organization because I’m willing to work diligently as a team member or individual to achieve a common goal.  

May I meet with you about interning for Quad Graphics?  Please call me at 715-297-5110 or email me at Tyler.Hackel@Marquette.edu to schedule an interview.

Sincerely, 


Tyler Hackel






